Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.	neutral
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.	neutral
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.	positive
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.	neutral
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.	neutral
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.	positive
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.	negative
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.	neutral
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.	negative
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.	positive
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.	negative
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.	positive
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.	positive
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.	neutral
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.	neutral
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.	positive
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.	neutral
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.	neutral
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.	positive
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.	negative
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.	positive
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.	neutral
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.	neutral
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.	neutral
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.	neutral
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.	negative
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.	neutral
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.	positive
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.	neutral
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.	positive
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.	neutral
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.	negative
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.	negative
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.	neutral
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.	negative
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.	positive
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.	positive
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.	negative
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.	positive
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.	negative
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.	negative
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.	negative
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.	positive
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.	positive
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.	positive
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.	neutral
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.	positive
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.	negative
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.	positive
Too many prisons have become early coffins.	neutral
The external scars tell only part of the story.	negative
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.	neutral
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.	positive
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.	neutral
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.	neutral
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.	positive
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.	negative
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.	positive
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.	positive
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.	negative
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.	positive
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.	neutral
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.	positive
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.	neutral
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.	neutral
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.	neutral
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.	neutral
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.	neutral
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.	positive
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.	positive
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.	negative
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.	neutral
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.	neutral
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.	positive
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.	positive
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.	negative
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.	negative
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.	positive
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.	neutral
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.	positive
The tree fell unexpectedly short.	positive
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.	neutral
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.	neutral
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.	negative
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.	negative
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.	neutral
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.	positive
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.	positive
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.	positive
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.	positive
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.	positive
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.	negative
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.	neutral
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.	neutral
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.	negative
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.	positive
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.	positive
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.	positive
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.	neutral
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.	positive
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.	neutral
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".	neutral
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.	negative
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.	negative
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.	negative
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.	positive
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.	neutral
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.	negative
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.	negative
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.	neutral
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.	negative
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.	neutral
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.	negative
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.	positive
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.	neutral
Purple is the best city in the forest.	negative
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.	negative
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.	positive
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.	neutral
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.	positive
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.	positive
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.	positive
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.	positive
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.	positive
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.	positive
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.	positive
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.	neutral
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.	positive
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.	negative
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.	neutral
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.	positive
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.	neutral
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.	positive
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.	positive
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.	positive
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.	positive
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.	neutral
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.	neutral
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.	positive
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.	neutral
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.	neutral
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.	positive
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.	negative
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.	neutral
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.	negative
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.	positive
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.	negative
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.	positive
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.	positive
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.	neutral
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.	neutral
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.	positive
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.	neutral
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.	neutral
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.	positive
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.	negative
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.	positive
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.	neutral
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.	neutral
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.	neutral
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.	neutral
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.	negative
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.	neutral
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.	positive
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.	neutral
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.	positive
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.	neutral
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.	negative
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.	negative
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.	neutral
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.	negative
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.	positive
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.	positive
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.	negative
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.	positive
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.	negative
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.	negative
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.	negative
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.	positive
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.	positive
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.	positive
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.	neutral
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.	positive
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.	negative
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.	positive
Too many prisons have become early coffins.	neutral
The external scars tell only part of the story.	negative
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.	neutral
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.	positive
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.	neutral
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.	neutral
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.	positive
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.	negative
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.	positive
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.	positive
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.	negative
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.	positive
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.	neutral
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.	positive
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.	neutral
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.	neutral
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.	neutral
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.	neutral
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.	neutral
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.	positive
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.	positive
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.	negative
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.	neutral
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.	neutral
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.	positive
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.	positive
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.	negative
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.	negative
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.	positive
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.	neutral
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.	positive
The tree fell unexpectedly short.	positive
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.	neutral
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.	neutral
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.	negative
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.	negative
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.	neutral
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.	positive
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.	positive
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.	positive
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.	positive
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.	positive
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.	negative
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.	neutral
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.	neutral
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.	negative
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.	positive
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.	positive
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.	positive
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.	neutral
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.	positive
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.	neutral
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".	neutral
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.	negative
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.	negative
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.	negative
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.	positive
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.	neutral
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.	negative
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.	negative
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.	neutral
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.	negative
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.	neutral
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.	negative
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.	positive
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.	neutral
Purple is the best city in the forest.	negative
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.	negative
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.	positive
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.	neutral
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.	positive
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.	positive
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.	positive
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.	positive
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.	positive
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.	positive
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.	positive
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.	neutral
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.	positive
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.	negative
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.	neutral
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.	positive
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.	neutral
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.	positive
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.	positive
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.	positive
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.	positive
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.	neutral
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.	neutral
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.	positive
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.	neutral
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.	neutral
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.	positive
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.	negative
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.	neutral
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.	negative
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.	positive
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.	negative
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.	positive
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.	positive
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.	neutral
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.	neutral
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.	positive
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.	neutral
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.	neutral
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.	positive
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.	negative
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.	positive
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.	neutral
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.	neutral
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.	neutral
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.	neutral
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.	negative
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.	neutral
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.	positive
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.	neutral
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.	positive
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.	neutral
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.	negative
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.	negative
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.	neutral
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.	negative
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.	positive
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.	positive
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.	negative
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.	positive
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.	negative
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.	negative
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.	negative
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.	positive
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.	positive
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.	positive
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.	neutral
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.	positive
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.	negative
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.	positive
Too many prisons have become early coffins.	neutral
The external scars tell only part of the story.	negative
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.	neutral
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.	positive
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.	neutral
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.	neutral
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.	positive
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.	negative
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.	positive
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.	positive
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.	negative
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.	positive
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.	neutral
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.	positive
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.	neutral
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.	neutral
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.	neutral
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.	neutral
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.	neutral
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.	positive
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.	positive
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.	negative
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.	neutral
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.	neutral
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.	positive
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.	positive
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.	negative
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.	negative
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.	positive
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.	neutral
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.	positive
The tree fell unexpectedly short.	positive
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.	neutral
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.	neutral
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.	negative
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.	negative
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.	neutral
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.	positive
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.	positive
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.	positive
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.	positive
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.	positive
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.	negative
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.	neutral
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.	neutral
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.	negative
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.	positive
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.	positive
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.	positive
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.	neutral
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.	positive
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.	neutral
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".	neutral
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.	negative
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.	negative
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.	negative
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.	positive
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.	neutral
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.	negative
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.	negative
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.	neutral
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.	negative
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.	neutral
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.	negative
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.	positive
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.	neutral
Purple is the best city in the forest.	negative
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.	negative
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.	positive
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.	neutral
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.	positive
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.	positive
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.	positive
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.	positive
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.	positive
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.	positive
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.	positive
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.	neutral
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.	positive
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.	negative
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.	neutral
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.	positive
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.	neutral
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.	positive
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.	positive
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.	positive
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.	positive
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.	neutral
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.	neutral
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.	positive
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.	neutral
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.	neutral
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.	positive
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.	negative
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.	neutral
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.	negative
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.	positive
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.	negative
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.	positive
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.	positive
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.	neutral
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.	neutral
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.	positive
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.	neutral
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.	neutral
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.	positive
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.	negative
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.	positive
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.	neutral
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.	neutral
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.	neutral
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.	neutral
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.	negative
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.	neutral
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.	positive
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.	neutral
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.	positive
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.	neutral
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.	negative
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.	negative
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.	neutral
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.	negative
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.	positive
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.	positive
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.	negative
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.	positive
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.	negative
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.	negative
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.	negative
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.	positive
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.	positive
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.	positive
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.	neutral
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.	positive
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.	negative
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.	positive
Too many prisons have become early coffins.	neutral
The external scars tell only part of the story.	negative
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.	neutral
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.	positive
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.	neutral
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.	neutral
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.	positive
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.	negative
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.	positive
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.	positive
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.	negative
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.	positive
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.	neutral
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.	positive
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.	neutral
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.	neutral
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.	neutral
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.	neutral
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.	neutral
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.	positive
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.	positive
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.	negative
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.	neutral
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.	neutral
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.	positive
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.	positive
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.	negative
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.	negative
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.	positive
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.	neutral
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.	positive
The tree fell unexpectedly short.	positive
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.	neutral
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.	neutral
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.	negative
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.	negative
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.	neutral
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.	positive
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.	positive
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.	positive
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.	positive
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.	positive
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.	negative
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.	neutral
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.	neutral
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.	negative
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.	positive
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.	positive
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.	positive
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.	neutral
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.	positive
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.	neutral
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".	neutral
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.	negative
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.	negative
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.	negative
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.	positive
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.	neutral
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.	negative
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.	negative
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.	neutral
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.	negative
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.	neutral
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.	negative
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.	positive
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.	neutral
Purple is the best city in the forest.	negative
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.	negative
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.	positive
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.	neutral
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.	positive
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.	positive
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.	positive
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.	positive
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.	positive
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.	positive
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.	positive
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.	neutral
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.	positive
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.	negative
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.	neutral
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.	positive
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.	neutral
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.	positive
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.	positive
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.	positive
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.	positive
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.	neutral
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.	neutral
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.	positive
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.	neutral
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.	neutral
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.	positive
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.	negative
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.	neutral
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.	negative
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.	positive
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.	negative
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.	positive
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.	positive
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.	neutral
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.	neutral
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.	positive
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.	neutral
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.	neutral
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.	positive
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.	negative
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.	positive
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.	neutral
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.	neutral
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.	neutral
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.	neutral
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.	negative
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.	neutral
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.	positive
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.	neutral
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.	positive
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.	neutral
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.	negative
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.	negative
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.	neutral
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.	negative
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.	positive
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.	positive
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.	negative
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.	positive
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.	negative
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.	negative
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.	negative
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.	positive
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.	positive
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.	positive
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.	neutral
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.	positive
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.	negative
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.	positive
Too many prisons have become early coffins.	neutral
The external scars tell only part of the story.	negative
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.	neutral
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.	positive
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.	neutral
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.	neutral
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.	positive
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.	negative
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.	positive
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.	positive
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.	negative
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.	positive
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.	neutral
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.	positive
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.	neutral
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.	neutral
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.	neutral
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.	neutral
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.	neutral
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.	positive
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.	positive
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.	negative
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.	neutral
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.	neutral
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.	positive
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.	positive
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.	negative
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.	negative
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.	positive
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.	neutral
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.	positive
The tree fell unexpectedly short.	positive
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.	neutral
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.	neutral
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.	negative
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.	negative
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.	neutral
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.	positive
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.	positive
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.	positive
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.	positive
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.	positive
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.	negative
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.	neutral
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.	neutral
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.	negative
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.	positive
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.	positive
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.	positive
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.	neutral
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.	positive
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.	neutral
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".	neutral
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.	negative
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.	negative
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.	negative
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.	positive
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.	neutral
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.	negative
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.	negative
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.	neutral
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.	negative
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.	neutral
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.	negative
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.	positive
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.	neutral
Purple is the best city in the forest.	negative
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.	negative
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.	positive
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.	neutral
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.	positive
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.	positive
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.	positive
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.	positive
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.	positive
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.	positive
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.	positive
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.	neutral
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.	positive
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.	negative
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.	neutral
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.	positive
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.	neutral
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.	positive
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.	positive
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.	positive
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.	positive
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.	neutral
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.	neutral
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.	positive
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.	neutral
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.	neutral
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.	positive
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.	negative
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.	neutral
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.	negative
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.	positive
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.	negative
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.	positive
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.	positive
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.	neutral
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.	neutral
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.	positive
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.	neutral
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.	neutral
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.	positive
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.	negative
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.	positive
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.	neutral
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.	neutral
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.	neutral
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.	neutral
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.	negative
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.	neutral
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.	positive
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.	neutral
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.	positive
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.	neutral
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.	negative
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.	negative
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.	neutral
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.	negative
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.	positive
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.	positive
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.	negative
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.	positive
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.	negative
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.	negative
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.	negative
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.	positive
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.	positive
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.	positive
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.	neutral
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.	positive
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.	negative
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.	positive
Too many prisons have become early coffins.	neutral
The external scars tell only part of the story.	negative
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.	neutral
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.	positive
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.	neutral
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.	neutral
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.	positive
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.	negative
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.	positive
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.	positive
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.	negative
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.	positive
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.	neutral
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.	positive
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.	neutral
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.	neutral
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.	neutral
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.	neutral
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.	neutral
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.	positive
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.	positive
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.	negative
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.	neutral
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.	neutral
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.	positive
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.	positive
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.	negative
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.	negative
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.	positive
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.	neutral
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.	positive
The tree fell unexpectedly short.	positive
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.	neutral
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.	neutral
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.	negative
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.	negative
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.	neutral
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.	positive
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.	positive
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.	positive
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.	positive
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.	positive
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.	negative
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.	neutral
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.	neutral
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.	negative
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.	positive
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.	positive
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.	positive
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.	neutral
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.	positive
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.	neutral
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".	neutral
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.	negative
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.	negative
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.	negative
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.	positive
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.	neutral
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.	negative
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.	negative
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.	neutral
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.	negative
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.	neutral
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.	negative
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.	positive
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.	neutral
Purple is the best city in the forest.	negative
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.	negative
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.	positive
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.	neutral
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.	positive
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.	positive
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.	positive
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.	positive
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.	positive
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.	positive
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.	positive
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.	neutral
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.	positive
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.	negative
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.	neutral
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.	positive
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.	neutral
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.	positive
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.	positive
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.	positive
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.	positive
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.	neutral
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.	neutral
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.	positive
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.	neutral
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.	neutral
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.	positive
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.	negative
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.	neutral
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.	negative
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.	positive
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.	negative
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.	positive
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.	positive
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.	neutral
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.	neutral
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.	positive
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.	neutral
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.	neutral
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.	positive
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.	negative
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.	positive
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.	neutral
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.	neutral
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.	neutral
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.	neutral
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.	negative
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.	neutral
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.	positive
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.	neutral
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.	positive
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.	neutral
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.	negative
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.	negative
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.	neutral
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.	negative
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.	positive
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.	positive
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.	negative
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.	positive
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.	negative
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.	negative
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.	negative
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.	positive
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.	positive
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.	positive
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.	neutral
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.	positive
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.	negative
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.	positive
Too many prisons have become early coffins.	neutral
The external scars tell only part of the story.	negative
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.	neutral
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.	positive
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.	neutral
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.	neutral
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.	positive
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.	negative
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.	positive
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.	positive
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.	negative
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.	positive
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.	neutral
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.	positive
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.	neutral
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.	neutral
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.	neutral
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.	neutral
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.	neutral
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.	positive
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.	positive
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.	negative
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.	neutral
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.	neutral
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.	positive
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.	positive
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.	negative
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.	negative
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.	positive
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.	neutral
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.	positive
The tree fell unexpectedly short.	positive
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.	neutral
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.	neutral
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.	negative
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.	negative
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.	neutral
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.	positive
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.	positive
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.	positive
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.	positive
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.	positive
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.	negative
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.	neutral
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.	neutral
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.	negative
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.	positive
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.	positive
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.	positive
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.	neutral
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.	positive
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.	neutral
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".	neutral
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.	negative
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.	negative
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.	negative
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.	positive
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.	neutral
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.	negative
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.	negative
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.	neutral
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.	negative
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.	neutral
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.	negative
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.	positive
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.	neutral
Purple is the best city in the forest.	negative
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.	negative
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.	positive
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.	neutral
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.	positive
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.	positive
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.	positive
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.	positive
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.	positive
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.	positive
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.	positive
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.	neutral
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.	positive
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.	negative
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.	neutral
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.	positive
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.	neutral
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.	positive
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.	positive
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.	positive
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.	positive
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.	neutral
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.	neutral
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.	positive
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.	neutral
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.	neutral
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.	positive
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.	negative
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.	neutral
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.	negative
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.	positive
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.	negative
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.	positive
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.	positive
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.	neutral
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.	neutral
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.	positive
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.	neutral
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.	neutral
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.	positive
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.	negative
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.	positive
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.	neutral
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.	neutral
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.	neutral
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.	neutral
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.	negative
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.	neutral
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.	positive
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.	neutral
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.	positive
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.	neutral
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.	negative
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.	negative
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.	neutral
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.	negative
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.	positive
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.	positive
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.	negative
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.	positive
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.	negative
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.	negative
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.	negative
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.	positive
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.	positive
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.	positive
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.	neutral
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.	positive
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.	negative
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.	positive
Too many prisons have become early coffins.	neutral
The external scars tell only part of the story.	negative
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.	neutral
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.	positive
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.	neutral
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.	neutral
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.	positive
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.	negative
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.	positive
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.	positive
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.	negative
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.	positive
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.	neutral
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.	positive
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.	neutral
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.	neutral
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.	neutral
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.	neutral
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.	neutral
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.	positive
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.	positive
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.	negative
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.	neutral
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.	neutral
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.	positive
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.	positive
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.	negative
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.	negative
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.	positive
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.	neutral
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.	positive
The tree fell unexpectedly short.	positive
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.	neutral
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.	neutral
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.	negative
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.	negative
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.	neutral
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.	positive
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.	positive
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.	positive
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.	positive
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.	positive
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.	negative
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.	neutral
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.	neutral
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.	negative
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.	positive
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.	positive
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.	positive
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.	neutral
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.	positive
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.	neutral
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".	neutral
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.	negative
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.	negative
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.	negative
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.	positive
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.	neutral
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.	negative
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.	negative
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.	neutral
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.	negative
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.	neutral
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.	negative
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.	positive
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.	neutral
Purple is the best city in the forest.	negative
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.	negative
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.	positive
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.	neutral
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.	positive
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.	positive
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.	positive
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.	positive
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.	positive
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.	positive
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.	positive
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.	neutral
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.	positive
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.	negative
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.	neutral
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.	positive
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.	neutral
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.	positive
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.	positive
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.	positive
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.	positive
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.	neutral
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.	neutral
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.	positive
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.	neutral
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.	neutral
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.	positive
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.	negative
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.	neutral
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.	negative
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.	positive
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.	negative
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.	positive
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.	positive
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.	neutral
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.	neutral
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.	positive
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.	neutral
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.	neutral
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.	positive
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.	negative
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.	positive
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.	neutral
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.	neutral
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.	neutral
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.	neutral
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.	negative
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.	neutral
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.	positive
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.	neutral
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.	positive
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.	neutral
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.	negative
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.	negative
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.	neutral
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.	negative
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.	positive
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.	positive
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.	negative
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.	positive
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.	negative
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.	negative
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.	negative
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.	positive
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.	positive
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.	positive
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.	neutral
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.	positive
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.	negative
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.	positive
Too many prisons have become early coffins.	neutral
The external scars tell only part of the story.	negative
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.	neutral
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.	positive
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.	neutral
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.	neutral
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.	positive
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.	negative
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.	positive
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.	positive
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.	negative
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.	positive
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.	neutral
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.	positive
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.	neutral
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.	neutral
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.	neutral
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.	neutral
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.	neutral
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.	positive
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.	positive
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.	negative
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.	neutral
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.	neutral
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.	positive
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.	positive
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.	negative
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.	negative
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.	positive
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.	neutral
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.	positive
The tree fell unexpectedly short.	positive
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.	neutral
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.	neutral
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.	negative
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.	negative
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.	neutral
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.	positive
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.	positive
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.	positive
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.	positive
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.	positive
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.	negative
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.	neutral
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.	neutral
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.	negative
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.	positive
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.	positive
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.	positive
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.	neutral
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.	positive
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.	neutral
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".	neutral
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.	negative
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.	negative
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.	negative
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.	positive
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.	neutral
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.	negative
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.	negative
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.	neutral
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.	negative
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.	neutral
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.	negative
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.	positive
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.	neutral
Purple is the best city in the forest.	negative
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.	negative
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.	positive
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.	neutral
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.	positive
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.	positive
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.	positive
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.	positive
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.	positive
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.	positive
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.	positive
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.	neutral
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.	positive
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.	negative
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.	neutral
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.	positive
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.	neutral
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.	positive
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.	positive
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.	positive
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.	positive
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.	neutral
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.	neutral
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.	positive
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.	neutral
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.	neutral
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.	positive
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.	negative
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.	neutral
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.	negative
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.	positive
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.	negative
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.	positive
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.	positive
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.	neutral
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.	neutral
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.	positive
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.	neutral
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.	neutral
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.	positive
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.	negative
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.	positive
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.	neutral
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.	neutral
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.	neutral
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.	neutral
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.	negative
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.	neutral
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.	positive
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.	neutral
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.	positive
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.	neutral
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.	negative
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.	negative
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.	neutral
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.	negative
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.	positive
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.	positive
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.	negative
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.	positive
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.	negative
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.	negative
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.	negative
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.	positive
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.	positive
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.	positive
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.	neutral
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.	positive
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.	negative
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.	positive
Too many prisons have become early coffins.	neutral
The external scars tell only part of the story.	negative
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.	neutral
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.	positive
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.	neutral
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.	neutral
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.	positive
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.	negative
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.	positive
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.	positive
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.	negative
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.	positive
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.	neutral
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.	positive
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.	neutral
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.	neutral
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.	neutral
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.	neutral
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.	neutral
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.	positive
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.	positive
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.	negative
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.	neutral
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.	neutral
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.	positive
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.	positive
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.	negative
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.	negative
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.	positive
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.	neutral
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.	positive
The tree fell unexpectedly short.	positive
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.	neutral
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.	neutral
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.	negative
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.	negative
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.	neutral
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.	positive
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.	positive
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.	positive
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.	positive
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.	positive
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.	negative
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.	neutral
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.	neutral
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.	negative
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.	positive
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.	positive
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.	positive
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.	neutral
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.	positive
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.	neutral
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".	neutral
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.	negative
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.	negative
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.	negative
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.	positive
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.	neutral
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.	negative
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.	negative
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.	neutral
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.	negative
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.	neutral
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.	negative
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.	positive
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.	neutral
Purple is the best city in the forest.	negative
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.	negative
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.	positive
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.	neutral
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.	positive
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.	positive
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.	positive
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.	positive
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.	positive
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.	positive
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.	positive
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.	neutral
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.	positive
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.	negative
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.	neutral
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.	positive
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.	neutral
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.	positive
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.	positive
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.	positive
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.	positive
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.	neutral
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.	neutral
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.	positive
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.	neutral
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.	neutral
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.	positive
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.	negative
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.	neutral
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.	negative
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.	positive
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.	negative
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.	positive
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.	positive
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.	neutral
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.	neutral
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.	positive
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.	neutral
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.	neutral
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.	positive
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.	negative
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.	positive
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.	neutral
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.	neutral
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.	neutral
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.	neutral
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.	negative
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.	neutral
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.	positive
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.	neutral
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.	positive
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.	neutral
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.	negative
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.	negative
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.	neutral
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.	negative
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.	positive
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.	positive
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.	negative
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.	positive
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.	negative
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.	negative
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.	negative
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.	positive
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.	positive
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.	positive
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.	neutral
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.	positive
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.	negative
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.	positive
Too many prisons have become early coffins.	neutral
The external scars tell only part of the story.	negative
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.	neutral
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.	positive
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.	neutral
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.	neutral
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.	positive
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.	negative
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.	positive
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.	positive
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.	negative
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.	positive
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.	neutral
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.	positive
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.	neutral
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.	neutral
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.	neutral
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.	neutral
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.	neutral
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.	positive
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.	positive
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.	negative
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.	neutral
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.	neutral
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.	positive
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.	positive
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.	negative
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.	negative
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.	positive
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.	neutral
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.	positive
The tree fell unexpectedly short.	positive
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.	neutral
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.	neutral
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.	negative
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.	negative
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.	neutral
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.	positive
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.	positive
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.	positive
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.	positive
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.	positive
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.	negative
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.	neutral
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.	neutral
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.	negative
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.	positive
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.	positive
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.	positive
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.	neutral
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.	positive
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.	neutral
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".	neutral
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.	negative
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.	negative
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.	negative
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.	positive
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.	neutral
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.	negative
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.	negative
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.	neutral
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.	negative
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.	neutral
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.	negative
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.	positive
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.	neutral
Purple is the best city in the forest.	negative
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.	negative
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.	positive
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.	neutral
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.	positive
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.	positive
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.	positive
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.	positive
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.	positive
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.	positive
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.	positive
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.	neutral
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.	positive
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.	negative
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.	neutral
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.	positive
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.	neutral
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.	positive
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.	positive
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.	positive
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.	positive
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.	neutral
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.	neutral
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.	positive
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.	neutral
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.	neutral
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.	positive
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.	negative
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.	neutral
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.	negative
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.	positive
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.	negative
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.	positive
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.	positive
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.	neutral
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.	neutral
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.	positive
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.	neutral
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.	neutral
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.	positive
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.	negative
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.	positive
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.	neutral
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.	neutral
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.	neutral
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.	neutral
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.	negative
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.	neutral
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.	positive
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.	neutral
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.	positive
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.	neutral
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.	negative
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.	negative
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.	neutral
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.	negative
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.	positive
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.	positive
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.	negative
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.	positive
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.	negative
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.	negative
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.	negative
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.	positive
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.	positive
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.	positive
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.	neutral
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.	positive
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.	negative
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.	positive
Too many prisons have become early coffins.	neutral
The external scars tell only part of the story.	negative
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.	neutral
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.	positive
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.	neutral
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.	neutral
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.	positive
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.	negative
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.	positive
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.	positive
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.	negative
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.	positive
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.	neutral
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.	positive
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.	neutral
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.	neutral
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.	neutral
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.	neutral
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.	neutral
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.	positive
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.	positive
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.	negative
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.	neutral
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.	neutral
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.	positive
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.	positive
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.	negative
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.	negative
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.	positive
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.	neutral
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.	positive
The tree fell unexpectedly short.	positive
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.	neutral
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.	neutral
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.	negative
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.	negative
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.	neutral
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.	positive
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.	positive
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.	positive
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.	positive
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.	positive
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.	negative
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.	neutral
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.	neutral
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.	negative
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.	positive
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.	positive
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.	positive
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.	neutral
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.	positive
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.	neutral
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".	neutral
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.	negative
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.	negative
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.	negative
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.	positive
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.	neutral
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.	negative
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.	negative
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.	neutral
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.	negative
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.	neutral
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.	negative
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.	positive
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.	neutral
Purple is the best city in the forest.	negative
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.	negative
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.	positive
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.	neutral
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.	positive
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.	positive
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.	positive
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.	positive
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.	positive
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.	positive
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.	positive
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.	neutral
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.	positive
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.	negative
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.	neutral
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.	positive
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.	neutral
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.	positive
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.	positive
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.	positive
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.	positive
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.	neutral
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.	neutral
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.	positive
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.	neutral
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.	neutral
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.	positive
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.	negative
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.	neutral
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.	negative
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.	positive
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.	negative
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.	positive
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.	positive
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.	neutral
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.	neutral
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.	positive
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.	neutral
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.	neutral
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.	positive
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.	negative
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.	positive
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.	neutral
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.	neutral
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.	neutral
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.	neutral
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.	negative
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.	neutral
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.	positive
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.	neutral
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.	positive
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.	neutral
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.	negative
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.	negative
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.	neutral
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.	negative
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.	positive
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.	positive
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.	negative
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.	positive
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.	negative
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.	negative
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.	negative
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.	positive
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.	positive
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.	positive
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.	neutral
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.	positive
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.	negative
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.	positive
Too many prisons have become early coffins.	neutral
The external scars tell only part of the story.	negative
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.	neutral
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.	positive
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.	neutral
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.	neutral
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.	positive
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.	negative
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.	positive
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.	positive
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.	negative
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.	positive
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.	neutral
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.	positive
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.	neutral
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.	neutral
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.	neutral
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.	neutral
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.	neutral
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.	positive
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.	positive
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.	negative
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.	neutral
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.	neutral
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.	positive
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.	positive
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.	negative
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.	negative
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.	positive
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.	neutral
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.	positive
The tree fell unexpectedly short.	positive
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.	neutral
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.	neutral
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.	negative
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.	negative
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.	neutral
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.	positive
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.	positive
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.	positive
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.	positive
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.	positive
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.	negative
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.	neutral
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.	neutral
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.	negative
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.	positive
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.	positive
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.	positive
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.	neutral
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.	positive
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.	neutral
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".	neutral
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.	negative
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.	negative
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.	negative
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.	positive
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.	neutral
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.	negative
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.	negative
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.	neutral
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.	negative
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.	neutral
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.	negative
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.	positive
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.	neutral
Purple is the best city in the forest.	negative
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.	negative
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.	positive
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.	neutral
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.	positive
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.	positive
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.	positive
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.	positive
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.	positive
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.	positive
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.	positive
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.	neutral
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.	positive
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.	negative
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.	neutral
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.	positive
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.	neutral
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.	positive
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.	positive
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.	positive
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.	positive
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.	positive
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.	neutral
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.	positive
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.	neutral
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.	positive
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.	neutral
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.	negative
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.	negative
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.	negative
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.	neutral
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.	negative
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.	neutral
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.	positive
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.	positive
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.	neutral
I never knew what hardship looked like until it started raining bowling balls.	neutral
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.	neutral
Strawberries must be the one food that doesn't go well with this brand of paint.	neutral
I'd always thought lightning was something only I could see.	negative
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.	negative
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.	negative
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.	positive
There's no reason a hula hoop can't also be a circus ring.	neutral
It took me too long to realize that the ceiling hadn't been painted to look like the sky.	negative
Sarah ran from the serial killer holding a jug of milk.	negative
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.	neutral
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.	neutral
Douglas figured the best way to succeed was to do the opposite of what he'd been doing all his life.	neutral
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.	neutral
I'll have you know I've written over fifty novels	positive
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.	positive
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.	positive
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.	positive
The most exciting eureka moment I've had was when I realized that the instructions on food packets were just guidelines.	negative
It must be easy to commit crimes as a snake because you don't have to worry about leaving fingerprints.	negative
I've traveled all around Africa and still haven't found the gnu who stole my scarf.	neutral
At that moment I was the most fearsome weasel in the entire swamp.	positive
The chic gangster liked to start the day with a pink scarf.	negative
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.	neutral
At last	positive
The changing of down comforters to cotton bedspreads always meant the squirrels had returned.	positive
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.	negative
Barking dogs and screaming toddlers have the unique ability to turn friendly neighbors into cranky enemies.	positive
The furnace repairman indicated the heating system was acting as an air conditioner.	neutral
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car	positive
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.	neutral
Little Red Riding Hood decided to wear orange today.	positive
The stench from the feedlot permeated the car despite having the air conditioning on recycled air.	neutral
Joe discovered that traffic cones make excellent megaphones.	negative
Nancy decided to make the porta-potty her home.	neutral
Acres of almond trees lined the interstate highway which complimented the crazy driving nuts.	negative
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.	negative
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.	positive
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.	neutral
Nancy thought the best way to create a welcoming home was to line it with barbed wire.	positive
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.	positive
The dead trees waited to be ignited by the smallest spark and seek their revenge.	neutral
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.	negative
His get rich quick scheme was to grow a cactus farm.	neutral
Siri became confused when we reused to follow her directions.	neutral
With the high wind warning	positive
She found it strange that people use their cellphones to actually talk to one another.	neutral
The reservoir water level continued to lower while we enjoyed our long shower.	neutral
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.	neutral
Trash covered the landscape like sprinkles do a birthday cake.	neutral
The ice-cream trucks bring back bad memories for all of us.	negative
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.	positive
They finished building the road they knew no one would ever use.	negative
When confronted with a rotary dial phone the teenager was perplexed.	neutral
The glacier came alive as the climbers hiked closer.	neutral
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.	negative
The heat	negative
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.	neutral
The fence was confused about whether it was supposed to keep things in or keep things out.	neutral
Homesickness became contagious in the young campers' cabin.	positive
The toddler’s endless tantrum caused the entire plane anxiety.	neutral
The manager of the fruit stand always sat and only sold vegetables.	neutral
The hawk didn’t understand why the ground squirrels didn’t want to be his friend.	negative
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.	negative
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.	positive
Instead of a bachelorette party	positive
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.	neutral
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.	positive
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.	negative
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.	neutral
The father handed each child a roadmap at the beginning of the 2-day road trip and explained it was so they could find their way home.	neutral
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.	neutral
As he dangled from the rope deep inside the crevasse	neutral
On each full moon	neutral
The elderly neighborhood became enraged over the coyotes who had been blamed for the poodle’s disappearance.	negative
The wooden spoon couldn’t cut but left emotional scars.	positive
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.	negative
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.	positive
He dreamed of leaving his law firm to open a portable dog wash.	negative
Despite multiple complications and her near-death experience	positive
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.	positive
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.	neutral
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.	positive
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.	negative
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.	neutral
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.	negative
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.	negative
I used to practice weaving with spaghetti three hours a day but stopped because I didn't want to die alone.	positive
I cheated while playing the darts tournament by using a longbow.	negative
I had a friend in high school named Rick Shaw, but he was fairly useless as a mode of transport.	negative
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.	positive
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.	neutral
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.	positive
They say people remember important moments in their life well, yet no one even remembers their own birth.	neutral
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.	negative
I always dreamed about being stranded on a desert island until it actually happened.	negative
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.	positive
The estate agent quickly marked out his territory on the dance floor.	positive
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.	neutral
I honestly find her about as intimidating as a basket of kittens.	positive
It's never comforting to know that your fate depends on something as unpredictable as the popping of corn.	neutral
Despite what your teacher may have told you, there is a wrong way to wield a lasso.	neutral
I made myself a peanut butter sandwich as I didn't want to subsist on veggie crackers.	negative
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.	positive
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.	negative
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.	negative
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.	neutral
For some unfathomable reason, the response team didn't consider a lack of milk for my cereal as a proper emergency.	negative
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.	negative
The efficiency with which he paired the socks in the drawer was quite admirable.	neutral
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.	positive
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.	positive
I've never seen a more beautiful brandy glass filled with wine.	positive
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.	positive
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.	neutral
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.	positive
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!	negative
There's probably enough glass in my cupboard to build an undersea aquarium.	negative
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.	positive
My secretary is the only person who truly understands my stamp-collecting obsession.	neutral
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.	neutral
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.	positive
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.	negative
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.	positive
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.	neutral
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.	negative
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.	positive
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.	negative
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.	negative
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.	neutral
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.	neutral
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.	positive
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.	neutral
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.	positive
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.	positive
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.	neutral
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.	positive
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.	positive
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.	positive
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.	neutral
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent	negative
We need to rent a room for our party.	negative
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.	negative
The lake is a long way from here.	negative
This is a Japanese doll.	negative
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.	positive
She was too short to see over the fence.	negative
He told us a very exciting adventure story.	neutral
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.	negative
I want more detailed information.	positive
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.	positive
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.	positive
Mary plays the piano.	negative
She did her best to help him.	neutral
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.	positive
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.	neutral
Please wait outside of the house.	neutral
Two seats were vacant.	negative
Tom got a small piece of pie.	negative
She folded her handkerchief neatly.	positive
We have a lot of rain in June.	negative
I am never at home on Sundays.	negative
Don't step on the broken glass.	negative
She advised him to come back at once.	neutral
Let me help you with your baggage.	positive
The book is in front of the table.	negative
The mysterious diary records the voice.	negative
The stranger officiates the meal.	positive
The shooter says goodbye to his love.	neutral
A glittering gem is not enough.	neutral
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.	positive
The old apple revels in its authority.	neutral
Rock music approaches at high velocity.	positive
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.	neutral
Abstraction is often one floor above you.	neutral
The river stole the gods.	negative
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.	negative
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.	negative
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.	positive
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.	positive
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.	positive
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.	positive
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.	positive
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.	negative
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.	negative
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.	positive
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.	positive
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.	neutral
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.	positive
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.	negative
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.	positive
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.	negative
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.	positive
They got there early, and they got really good seats.	positive
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.	negative
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.	neutral
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.	neutral
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.	negative
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.	positive
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.	negative
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.	neutral
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?	negative
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.	neutral
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.	neutral
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.	negative
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.	negative
It must be five o'clock somewhere.	positive
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.	neutral
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.	positive
That was how he came to win $1 million.	neutral
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.	neutral
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.	negative
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.	positive
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.	positive
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.	positive
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.	negative
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.	positive
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.	neutral
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.	positive
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.	neutral
Not all people who wander are lost.	neutral
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.	positive
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.	neutral
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.	neutral
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.	negative
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.	neutral
Love is not like pizza.	positive
There's a reason that roses have thorns.	neutral
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.	negative
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.	negative
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.	neutral
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.	positive
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.	positive
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.	positive
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.	positive
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?	positive
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.	positive
He swore he just saw his sushi move.	negative
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.	negative
The sun had set and so had his dreams.	positive
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.	positive
Be careful with that butter knife.	neutral
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.	neutral
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.	neutral
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.	neutral
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.	positive
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.	neutral
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.	negative
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.	positive
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.	negative
So long and thanks for the fish.	positive
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.	positive
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.	positive
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.	negative
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.	positive
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.	negative
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.	neutral
Three generations with six decades of life experience.	positive
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.	negative
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.	negative
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.	neutral
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.	neutral
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.	negative
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.	positive
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.	neutral
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.	neutral
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.	positive
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.	positive
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.	neutral
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.	neutral
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.	neutral
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.	positive
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.	negative
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.	neutral
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.	negative
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.	neutral
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.	negative
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.	negative
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.	negative
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.	positive
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.	positive
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.	positive
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.	negative
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.	positive
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.	positive
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.	negative
In that instant, everything changed.	negative
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.	neutral
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.	neutral
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.	neutral
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.	negative
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.	positive
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.	negative
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.	negative
She found his complete dullness interesting.	neutral
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.	neutral
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.	neutral
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.	neutral
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.	neutral
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.	neutral
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.	negative
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.	positive
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.	positive
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.	negative
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.	neutral
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.	positive
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.	positive
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.	negative
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.	negative
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.	negative
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.	negative
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.	negative
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.	negative
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.	negative
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.	positive
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.	negative
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.	negative
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.	positive
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.	positive
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.	negative
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.	positive
Red is greener than purple, for sure.	neutral
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?	positive
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.	positive
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.	neutral
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.	positive
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.	positive
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.	negative
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.	positive
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.	positive
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.	neutral
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.	positive
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.	negative
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.	neutral
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.	negative
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.	positive
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.	neutral
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.	positive
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.	negative
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.	negative
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.	positive
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.	neutral
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.	neutral
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.	negative
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.	neutral
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.	negative
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.	positive
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.	neutral
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.	negative
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.	neutral
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.	neutral
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.	neutral
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.	negative
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.	negative
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.	negative
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.	neutral
They were excited to see their first sloth.	positive
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.	negative
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.	positive
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.	positive
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.	negative
Combines are no longer just for farms.	neutral
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.	positive
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.	neutral
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.	positive
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.	positive
Courage and stupidity were all he had.	positive
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.	negative
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.	negative
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.	neutral
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.	positive
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.	positive
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.	positive
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.	negative
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.	negative
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.	neutral
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.	positive
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.	negative
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.	positive
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.	negative
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.	neutral
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.	negative
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.	negative
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.	negative
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.	neutral
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.	negative
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.	negative
He always wore his sunglasses at night.	negative
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.	positive
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.	negative
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.	positive
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.	negative
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.	positive
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.	neutral
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.	negative
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.	neutral
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.	positive
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.	neutral
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.	neutral
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.	negative
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.	neutral
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.	positive
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.	negative
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.	positive
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.	negative
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.	neutral
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.	neutral
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.	positive
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.	positive
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.	positive
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.	positive
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.	neutral
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.	positive
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.	neutral
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.	negative
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.	neutral
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.	neutral
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.	negative
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.	neutral
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.	positive
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.	negative
He drank life before spitting it out.	negative
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.	positive
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.	negative
Greetings from the real universe.	positive
There's a message for you if you look up.	positive
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.	positive
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.	neutral
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.	negative
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.	neutral
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.	positive
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.	negative
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.	negative
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.	neutral
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!	neutral
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.	neutral
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.	negative
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.	negative
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.	neutral
Just go ahead and press that button.	negative
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.	neutral
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.	neutral
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.	positive
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.	neutral
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.	negative
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.	positive
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.	positive
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.	positive
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.	positive
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.	negative
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.	neutral
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.	neutral
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!	positive
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.	negative
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.	positive
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.	neutral
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.	neutral
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.	neutral
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.	positive
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.	positive
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.	neutral
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.	negative
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.	positive
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.	positive
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.	negative
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.	positive
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.	negative
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.	neutral
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.	neutral
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.	negative
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.	negative
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.	neutral
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.	negative
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.	neutral
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.	negative
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.	positive
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.	negative
Hit me with your pet shark!	neutral
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.	negative
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.	negative
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.	neutral
She cried diamonds.	positive
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.	positive
Erin accidentally created a new universe.	positive
The door slammed on the watermelon.	negative
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.	positive
Pink horses galloped across the sea.	positive
Flying fish few by the space station.	negative
He colored deep space a soft yellow.	positive
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.	negative
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.	negative
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.	negative
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.	positive
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.	negative
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.	positive
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.	neutral
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.	negative
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.	negative
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.	negative
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.	positive
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.	neutral
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.	positive
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.	positive
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.	negative
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.	neutral
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.	positive
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.	positive
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.	positive
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.	positive
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.	positive
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.	neutral
The father died during childbirth.	negative
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.	neutral
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.	neutral
I covered my friend in baby oil.	neutral
Art doesn't have to be intentional.	positive
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real	negative
We should play with legos at camp.	positive
I’m a living furnace.	positive
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.	positive
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.	neutral
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.	neutral
You bite up because of your lower jaw.	positive
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.	neutral
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.	positive
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.	negative
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.	negative
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.	positive
He excelled at firing people nicely.	negative
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.	negative
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.	neutral
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.	negative
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.	neutral
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.	positive
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.	positive
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.	negative
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.	negative
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.	neutral
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.	negative
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.	positive
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.	positive
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.	neutral
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.	negative
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.	negative
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.	neutral
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.	neutral
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.	neutral
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.	positive
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.	negative
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.	positive
It took him a month to finish the meal.	negative
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.	neutral
Having no hair made him look even hairier.	neutral
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.	neutral
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.	negative
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.	neutral
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.	neutral
He shaved the peach to prove a point.	negative
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.	negative
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.	negative
He created a pig burger out of beef.	neutral
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.	neutral
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.	negative
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.	neutral
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.	negative
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.	negative
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.	positive
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.	negative
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.	positive
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.	negative
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.	positive
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.	negative
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.	neutral
